Feat: Traefik V2 Plugin (#49)
slok/sloth-common-sli-plugins: plugins/traefik/v2/latency/README.md

# Traefik V2 latency

> Latency plugin for [Traefik V2][traefik] backends.
> 
> Uses Traefik v2 backend metrics to get the latency on the serving backends.
> 
> ## Options
> 
> - `bucket`: (**Required**) The max latency allowed histogram bucket.
> - `service_name_regex`: (**required**) Regex to match the traefik backends.

Author: ```suggestion
Latency plugin for [Traefik V2][traefik] services.

Uses Traefik v2 service metrics to get the latency on the serving services.

## Options

- `bucket`: (**Required**) The max latency allowed histogram bucket.
- `service_name_regex`: (**required**) Regex to match the traefik service.
```
